Quality check: Metadata updates in AAC Content Pattern Library (#42)
MicrosoftDocs/content-templates: templates/org/aac/aac-architecture-guide-content.md

---
title: <Article title, which becomes the title metadata>

> description: <Write a 100-160 character description that starts with a call to action and ends with a period. This becomes the browse card description.>

Reviewer: Architecture Guides shouldn't have a "browse card" -- I don't think that's what `description` is for for this content type.

author: <Contributor's GitHub username>

> ms.author: <Contributor's Microsoft alias. Can include multiple contributors, separated by commas.>

Reviewer: > Contributor's Microsoft alias. Can include multiple contributors, separated by commas.

No we cannot.  That was a bug that has been fixed.

> ms.date: <Date of publish or major update in mm/dd/yyyy format>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ms.date: <Date of publish or major update, in mm/dd/yyyy format>
```

> ms.date: <Date of publish or major update, in mm/dd/yyyy format>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: <Date of publish or last freshness pass, in mm/dd/yyyy format>
```

---

# H1 title
<!--Other than the H2s listed below, there are no further content requirements for Architecture Guides, except to follow all Microsoft and Learn style and pull request criteria. Diagrams are not required for this content type, but if a diagram is included, it include a subsequent *Dataflow* or *Workflow* section to explain it. For more information, see the [Example workload template](sample-solution-templates). The Architecture Guide template requires the following sections at the end of the article.-->
  
## Contributors

> <!--This section is expected, but is optional if all the contributors prefer not to include it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!--This section is expected but is optional if all the contributors prefer not to include it.
```

1. Start with the explanation text in italics that's the same for every article. This makes it clear that Microsoft takes responsibility for the article and not a single contributor.

1. Include the "Principal authors" list and the "Additional contributors" list, if there are additional contributors. This should all be in plain text, not italics or bold.

1. Link each contributor's name to the person's LinkedIn profile. 

> 1. Insert a pipe symbol ("|") with spaces after the name, and then enter the person's title. To minimize edits or updates, don't include the person's company, MVP status, or links to additional profiles. You can link profiles from the person's LinkedIn page. In the future, we aim to automate this process on the platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Insert a pipe symbol ("|") with spaces after the name, and then enter the person's title. To minimize edits or updates, don't include the person's company, MVP status, or links to additional profiles. You can link to any additional profiles from the person's LinkedIn page. 
```
Here I recommend deleting "In the future, we aim to automate this process on the platform."

Use the following format:-->

*This article is maintained by Microsoft. It was originally written by the following contributors.*

> Principal authors: <!--Only list the primary authors. List them alphabetically and by last name. Use the *Fname Lname* format. If the article is rewritten, keep the original authors and add the new ones. List each primary author, even if there are 10 of them.-->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Principal authors: <!--List only the primary authors. List them alphabetically and by last name. Use the *First-name Last-name* format. If the article is rewritten, keep the original authors and add the new ones. List each primary author, even if there are 10 of them.-->
```

 * [Author 1 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
 * [Author 2 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

> Other contributors: <!--Include the contributing authors, editors who make major content changes, and technical reviewers. List them alphabetically and by last name. Use the *Fname Lname* format. It's okay to add newer contributors.-->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other contributors: <!--Include the contributing authors, editors who make major content changes, and technical reviewers. List them alphabetically and by last name. Use the *First-name Last-name* format. It's okay to add newer contributors.-->
```

---

# H1 title
<!--
- Follow the instructions in the following H2 (##) headings and adhere to all Microsoft and Learn style and pull request criteria. Architecture Guides don't have any other content requirements.

> - Diagrams aren't required for this content type, but if a diagram is included, include a subsequent **Dataflow** or **Workflow** section to explain it. For more information, see the [Example workload template](sample-solution-templates). 

Reviewer: Links aren't going to work in here, this is included, raw.

```suggestion
- Diagrams aren't required for this content type, but if a diagram is included, include a subsequent **Dataflow** or **Workflow** section to explain it. For more information, see the Example workload template. 
```

1. Start with the explanation text in italics that's the same for every article. This makes it clear that Microsoft takes responsibility for the article and not a single contributor.

1. Include the list of "Principal authors" and the list of "Additional contributors," if there are any. Format in plain text, not italics or bold.

1. Link each contributor's name to the person's LinkedIn profile. 

1. Insert a pipe symbol ("|") with spaces after the name, and then enter the person's title. To minimize edits or updates, don't include the person's company, MVP status, or links to additional profiles. You can link to any additional profiles from the person's LinkedIn page.

-->

*This article is maintained by Microsoft. It was originally written by the following contributors.*

Principal authors: <!--List only the primary authors. List them alphabetically and by last name. Use the *First-name Last-name* format. If the article is rewritten, keep the original authors and add the new ones. List each primary author, even if there are 10 of them.-->

 - [Author 1 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

>  - [Author 2 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Author 1 Name](https://linkedin.com/ProfileURL/) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
 - [Author 2 Name](https://linkedin.com/ProfileURL/) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
```

Other contributors: <!--Include the contributing authors, editors who make major content changes, and technical reviewers. List them alphabetically and by last name. Use the *First-name Last-name* format. It's okay to add newer contributors.-->

 - [Contributor 1 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

>  - [Contributor 2 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Contributor 1 Name](https://linkedin.com/ProfileURL/) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
 - [Contributor 2 Name](https://linkedin.com/ProfileURL/) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
```

## Next steps
<!--
- Add a bulleted list of links to third-party and other Learn and Microsoft topics. These topics can include links to pages that provide additional context or that might be useful in a next-steps context.
- Format Learn links to be site relative, such as (/azure/feature/article-name).
- Don't include locales such as `en-us` in links unless they don't work without it.

> - Don't include a trailing slash in any links.

Reviewer: That's not a good general statement, depends on what the link is.  Some have a `/` at the end because it's an `/index` link which gets normalized to `/`.

```suggestion
```
